we have to talk about digital campaigns
The first thing we have to remember is
old spice and how I change the webb spice
eng ny absolutely everything that came
then in terms of media use in
how much storytelling is happening
in the middle that was a campaign that still
to this day it is still pulling
Mileage about the hallucinatory use of
nonsense as a creative tool
but from then on and assaulting
several generations we have to get to
things that impact as much as the wave
type-r that is this great use they have
of youtube as a tool
storytelling in which they are counting on
two parallel stories within a
only product that this sector that is
this car that can be in the morning a
quiet and family car and at night
a sports car, that's not amazing
but already things that impact you and that
you can see what are happening here
We can see from Peru, not him
2014 fahrenheit for mcdonald's is a
incredible campaign that was level
digital is that of play with me
mcdonald's and it was this campaign where you
you were getting mcdonald's for the day
of the child and instead of following a combo and
pay it normally to this one of this
are going to play the junk aft and this more or
less sets the tone for what the
digital has to do this 2015 not
you have to get into the digital as
we are going to do post in social media or
we're just going to make viral videos
you have to start thinking that you can
break the digital and that is interesting
so that people see outside and
start playing a bit with this that
many people call as activations
digital or digital TV that is in
actually think about the campaign not so much
in terms of what medium is going to come out
because support is going to have but in what
we want to say and in what way we achieve
better the impact does not and if we think about that
let's see that for example the campaign
of mcdonald's with compare to the plan plays
with me or campaigns that have come
later as the same campaign to whistle
your mother have all the component of
becoming viral is because they are things
that people want to see us what
we have also done
part of my agency with skies guys from
circus for lenovo with moviegoers and
we converted to a product that was
totally vigil and that people wanted
see that he had the content
interesting enough to be able
be something click talk and enjoy in
the first brand grandmother or the first
mark of the first spot that became
in a totally digital content and
sponsored online he took the first
online product as such properly
said that if there are networks because it is
interesting then the guideline has to
be interesting and according to what it is
interesting start your choosing your
supports and give the best way to tell
the story but if you're going to be thinking
in that that has to be bike and this
has to go in social and this has to
go on youtube where you will get to
campaigns that are going to be very good but
that they will not contribute anything and
matter if it is not digitally not
matter if it is not clearly interactive
the idea is to tell the story well and
that is interesting and there we are going to be able
build something